Update CONTRIBUTING.adoc (#3842)
paritytech/substrate: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

  - it is an urgent fix with no large change to logic, then it may be merged after a non-author contributor has approved the review once CI is complete.

. Once a PR is ready for review please add the https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3AA0-pleasereview[`pleasereview`] label. Generally PRs should sit with this label for 48 hours in order to garner feedback. It may be merged before if all relevant parties had a look at it.

> . If the first review is not an approve, swap between `[A3, A7]` and `A0-pleasereview` labels to indicate that the PR has received some feedback, but needs further work. For example. https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A3-inprogress[`A3-inprogress`] is a general indicator that the PR is work in progress and https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A4-gotissues[`A4-gotissues`] means that it has significant problems that need fixing. Once the work is done, change the label back to `A0-pleasereview`. You might end up swaping a few times back and forth to climb up the A label group. Once a PR is https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A8-looksgood[`A8-looksgood`], it is ready to merge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the first review is not an approval, swap between `[A3, A7]` and `A0-pleasereview` labels to indicate that the PR has received some feedback, but needs further work. For example. https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A3-inprogress[`A3-inprogress`] is a general indicator that the PR is work in progress and https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A4-gotissues[`A4-gotissues`] means that it has significant problems that need fixing. Once the work is done, change the label back to `A0-pleasereview`. You might end up swapping a few times back and forth to climb up the A label group. Once a PR is https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A8-looksgood[`A8-looksgood`], it is ready to merge. 
```

> . If the first review is not an approval, swap between `[A3, A7]` and `A0-pleasereview` labels to indicate that the PR has received some feedback, but needs further work. For example. https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A3-inprogress[`A3-inprogress`] is a general indicator that the PR is work in progress and https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A4-gotissues[`A4-gotissues`] means that it has significant problems that need fixing. Once the work is done, change the label back to `A0-pleasereview`. You might end up swapping a few times back and forth to climb up the A label group. Once a PR is https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A8-looksgood[`A8-looksgood`], it is ready to merge. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If the first review is not an approval, swap `A0-pleasereview` to any label `[A3, A7]` to indicate that the PR has received some feedback, but needs further work. For example. https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A3-inprogress[`A3-inprogress`] is a general indicator that the PR is work in progress and https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A4-gotissues[`A4-gotissues`] means that it has significant problems that need fixing. Once the work is done, change the label back to `A0-pleasereview`. You might end up swapping a few times back and forth to climb up the A label group. Once a PR is https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/labels/A8-looksgood[`A8-looksgood`], it is ready to merge. 
```

Reviewer 2: Nitpick but this is more obvious to me.
